README.md, before:

# CLAM

Computer Lab Activity Monitor for UCSD

> ##### Important Note For Team Members:
As you go through the struggle of getting started working on this project, share what you learned (tutorials you needed to read, tips about file structure, etc.) by making changes to README.md on the readme-updates branch!

## About

CLAM, or CLAMS, monitors student activities on UCSD CSE Basement Lab computers; it provides data on active users as well as statistics about server usage and load.

## Getting Started

This project currently consists of three teams:

 - one team is working in python to extract statistics and user data from each unique lab station, and from ieng6.ucsd.edu. Code for this team is on the feature branch "python".
 - The second team is working on a database to store the information collected by team one (MongoDB) and an API webserver (Node.js) to provide this information to the front-end user interface.
 - The third team is working on the front-end data visualization, through use of react web components.

## Features and Architecture
- A script in Python which ssh's into each of the lab machines and checks
  whether someone is logged in. Writes this data to the database using PyMongo.
- A database using MongoDB which stores info on who is logged in to which
  computer and lab statistics.
- Web API which handles getting data about who is logged in from the database
- Front-end which renders the map of lab computers and statistics on usage.

## Notes

Commit message:

Update README.md with server setup instructions

README.md, after:

# CLAM

Computer Lab Activity Monitor for UCSD

## About

CLAM, or CLAMS, monitors student activities on UCSD CSE Basement Lab computers; it provides data on active users as well as statistics about server usage and load.

## Getting Started

This project currently consists of three teams:

 - one team is working in python to extract statistics and user data from each unique lab station, and from ieng6.ucsd.edu. Code for this team is on the feature branch "python".
 - The second team is working on a database to store the information collected by team one (MongoDB) and an API webserver (Node.js) to provide this information to the front-end user interface.
 - The third team is working on the front-end data visualization, through use of react web components.

## Features and Architecture
- A script in Python which ssh's into each of the lab machines and checks
  whether someone is logged in. Writes this data to the database using PyMongo.
- A database using MongoDB which stores info on who is logged in to which
  computer and lab statistics.
- Web API which handles getting data about who is logged in from the database
- Front-end which renders the map of lab computers and statistics on usage.

## Notes

## Getting Started With Server
- Checkout the server branch and cd into the reactkit
- To set up your own computer, install node + npm.
- Run the command "npm i"; make sure you have Python 2.7 installed.
- Install MongoDB and run "mongod" from the terminal
- Open a new terminal and run "npm run dev"
- Go to localhost: 3000 (or whatever port your terminal gives)
